So all videos in this course have been
uploaded in 1080p, which is the highest
quality format that udemy currently
accept for videos. So that's the good news.
The bad news is that sometimes Udemy's
video player seems to act up,
and what happens is it plays videos
with a bit of blurriness in them.
But good news again, we're back to the good news,
is that blurriness is usually a temporary thing
and can be overcome by following along here.
So what I'm gonna do is come down here and click
on the little cog and choose a resolution,
720p is the best one to choose,
normally, if you haven't got the
auto option. But if you have got the auto
option, select that, because that will
give you 1080p, which is, again,
the highest quality videos.
Now Auto only shows if Udemy's video player dictates
that your internet speed is fast enough.
So playing with these settings should actually fix any blurriness
and ensure that your videos are crisp and clear,
and keep in mind also, that it can take a short
while for the video to kick into high quality,
at the start of playing a video.
Alright so that's video quality.
Let's move on now to the next video.